Title:
I will setting up shopify subcollection,custom filters, megamenu,metafields,collections
Positive keywords
SHOPIFY COLLECTIONSCUSTOM FILTERSSHOPIFY DEVELOPERCOLOR SWATCHESSUBCOLLECTIONS
Pricing:
Starter:
Fix Bugs + Customization + Responsive Design in Collection Page
$30
Gold:
Adding Custom Filters + Sorting + Call To Action button + other Functinalty in Collection Page
$70
Platinum:
Create Whole Collection page on Premium Theme or like any Reference Design 
$120


Description:
Greetings!

Looking for a Professional Shopify Developer to set up your Shopify SubCollection,MegaMenu and Custom Filters on Colllection Page?

You are at the right place.

I am a full-time Shopify theme developer and doing development since last 5 years, I can create a Shopify Custom filters from scratch or can customize any existing part of filter. I can also set up the different templates of collection pages where you can show different products based on different conditions and restrict customer to collection pages based on authentication.

Here are some of the Shopify services that I offer:

Link Collection and SubCollections to megamenu
Adding custom filters including Price Range and Color Swatches
Create custom metafeild Filters using Metafield values etc Make,Model,Year
Create Sorting , Call To Action on Collection page
Create different Templates of Collection
Protect Collection Pages based on Authentication
Why me?

On time delivery
Good Communication Skills
24/7 Available


CONTACT TO DISCUSS YOUR REQUIREMENTS BEFORE PLACING THE ORDER



Price may vary on your Final Requirements (Negotiable)



Kind Regards:

Usama Ashraf

(Professional Shopify Theme Developer and Shopify Expert)

FAQ:
What is the Shopify 2.0 collection page?
Shopify 2.0 refers to the latest version of the Shopify platform, which includes updated features and capabilities. The collection page is a fundamental part of an e-commerce store where products are organized into categories or collections for easier browsing.
What is collection page filtering?
Collection page filtering allows customers to refine the products displayed on a collection page based on specific criteria, such as product type, price range, size, color, and more.
What is collection page sorting?
Collection page sorting allows customers to arrange the products on a collection page based on preferences such as price (low to high, high to low), popularity, newest arrivals, and more.
Can I add custom design of collection filter and sorting?
Yes I can add custom filters and sorting like in the reference design.
Can I customize the filter options on my collection page?
Yes, many Shopify themes allow you to customize filter options. You can choose which product attributes (e.g., size, color, price) are filterable and determine the order in which they appear.